Train Driving UI window (#430)
openrails/openrails: Source/Documentation/Manual/driving.rst

stations. This level of assistance reflects the route knowledge that a train 
driver could be expected to know by memory.

F5 Train Driving Info
---------------------
By pressing ``<F5>`` you get some important data displayed in a dedicated window.

Pressing ``<Shift+F5>`` toggles from the full and the abbreviated text mode. Default mode set to full text.

.. image:: images/tdi-regular-windglass-on.png
   :align: center
   :scale: 90%
 
 
Each type of locomotive uses a different data set, to display.
 
The Steam locomotive:

.. image:: images/tdi-steam-loco-auto.png
   :align: center
   :scale: 80%

The Steam locomotive using manual firing and AI Fireman:

.. image:: images/tdi-steam-loco.png
    :align: center

Boiler pressure indicator:

.. image:: images/boiler-heat-input-output.png
   :align: center
   :scale: 60%

The Electric locomotive:

.. image:: images/tdi-electric-loco.png
   :align: center

The Diesel locomotive:

.. image:: images/tdi-diesel-loco.png
   :align: center
   :scale: 80%

To help the user with ageing eyesight, the Time value is clickable, to toggle between the Regular

> and Bold font-style. Once toggled, this window and external Messages-window changes all them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once toggled, the Bold font style is used in this window and also the Multiplayer Info window if it’s open.
```

> to Bold font-style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
